The Joe Rogan experience.
Jesus Gel was go,
are you reading about this?
There's something wrong with you.
Where do you find that stuff,
Jamie?
Why do you go looking for when you're saved pages?
Why do people try to sell you?
This is the images of I eat asked Florida man,
and I just started scrolling down.
Okay,
we go to Jamie's like Google ads.
It's all duct tape and crowbars and shit handled rope.
What's up with all this rope?
All the handsaws.
Oh Nah man,
this is how you know that even when a clear your search engine,
it doesn't matter because I clear my shit sometimes and,
and even if I,
when I go back to porn hub,
it's still knows my suggested shit.
So creepy.
Look into it.
[inaudible] time to look into it.
Time to look into the porn.
That's where there,
where people are making money.
It's from cookies and using your information and your data and finding out what
you're interested in selling it to advertisers.
It's all very,
very sorted stuff.
Does Zuckerberg has got us,
dude.
Yeah,
there was a car parked us.
It's just
this a lot.
It's weird that that sort of escaped the imagination of people that were like
looking towards the future.
Like they didn't think the data would be so valuable.
Yeah.
Nobody really,
nobody really saw that 20 years ago when the Internet was first coming alive.
Like nobody ever thought they'd be able to like check your searches.
Like when they figured out how to make a search engine,
then tied it into what you're searching for and selling that to advertisers.
God,
it's genius,
but it's,
it's crazy.
They can make so much money.
It's like you were talking about it's not right that you can make so much money
telling jokes.
Well,
it's really not.
Right.
You make so much money providing a search engine off of the materials that
you've searched,
what you're supposedly,
you're protected by,
right?
You're supposed to think that your searches are protected,
but on one hand,
right.
Like it's cool because you get all this data,
you get into this information,
but you know,
you could literally find out any answer to any question.
We do it all the time.
Yeah.
But then the other part it's like,
well,
what am I giving up?
You get to now they know what you like,
what kind of,
what things you're thinking about buying,
what are what you are interested in,
what movies you like.
They know that.
So they start selling you that like,
oh well I guess I want them to sell it to me.
That's is what I like.
Kind of that is a nice car.
Wow.
Look at that.
Right?
Hey that movie does look good.
You know,
and then you're like,
oh my Google is really working out well for me.
You want to become autonomous with the machine.
It's just a big net just casting out and just think if they put a chip in you.
Are you cool with the chip?
Got One already got the chip.
Dot.
Yeah.
Which,
which version though?
Um,
2.6.
I don't know.
I don't ask.
Just chip,
chip me up dog.
Um,
you got to go to Langley,
Virginia.
You go to where they kept Hannibal Lecter.
That's how they chip you.
Chip you out there in Langley,
you gotta go to the FBI.
They have to know you're okay.
Cool.
Chip May,
dude,
I've chip,
chip me to fuck up.
What would it take for you to get chipped?
Like for real,
if there was a chip and it provided your gps tracking everywhere you go,
but you could read people's minds so the government knew where you were all the
time.
They do.
But everybody else that had a chip in it,
you can read their mind.
Like you could see their intentions.
You could,
you could find out if they're upset.
You can find out the rational or irrational.
Maybe you can even show them the error of their ways with your thoughts.
Oh,
I don't want to just take that shit.
I want to know people's head.
They already know where you're at,
man.
They've got your fucking phone.
They can have that.
I don't want to know what's going on in like Jamie's head leader.
Want to know fine.
You know he's thinking about right now her food.
Yeah.
It's like three of 20 you're gonna have to move.
We upgrade almost.
Oh yeah.
That is like what it was like,
right?
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
Remember why he got it,
but he was killed.
He was shot in a spoiler alert.
He was shot in like a robbery by armed gang members.
They shot him and paralyzed him and then this guy brought him back to life with
this chip in his spine that regenerated spinal tissue and gave them super powers
and he knew Kung Fu and all kinds of other shit.
Shit.
Me Dude.
Yeah,
John Coffee thing.
Jamie came out of here.
You're distracting me.
Shit at me today.
What's going on with you?
She,
I say,
I say chip me up.
Shut me the fuck up.
What about you Jamie?
What'd you get distracted?
If you had a chip inside of you,
would you think about it all the time?
Yeah.
The neural links scares the shit out of him.
That's basically the same thing,
right?
If you're wearing it,
yeah.
Oh,
you,
but do you think you'd like that would become like,
you would think about that chip all the time?
No.
You'd probably,
you'd definitely forget about it.
Forget about.
Let's just,
just like you forget about anything else that you have in that you,
you forget about this thing that this tracking device on a of,
as long as you can pick it up and put it down when you feel like you're not
really connected to it,
the handle you absolutely are.
But if you had something inside you,
you'd be like,
Whoa,
pull out when I really went for it.
Okay.
The chip,
are you talking to it?
Yes.
See I didn't want to talk to it.
The upgrade movie.
Yeah.
We try to turn on my car,
get directions to Joe's.
Can't forget about it then it's close to it,
man.
You have a,
then you just did.
It becomes one with you.
It's not like you're thinking about it.
You're just acting.
You're woke you up in the middle of the night.
You'd be pissed by would wake me up.
Usually not too.
You know what I've been doing with Siri lately?
The dumb bitch tell me,
use it.
I tell him what to do.
Um,
I make maker make a Oh notes for me.
Uh,
so I go,
Hey Siri,
make a note.
And what would you like to say?
Exactly right there.
Whose phone was that?
Mine or yours or yours?
See that [inaudible] created.
She created a note.
She's,
she's listening to you,
dude.
Hey,
here we go.
Hey Siri.
Make a note.
What do you want it to say?
Andrew Santino was the last of the great gingers.
Yeah.
Okay.
I created a note.
Andrew Santino was the last of the great changes.
That's a good,
that was pretty,
beautified it out.
She's pretty good.
You change was to is did you say is,
oh,
she did that.
See,
but it's good enough for me if I have ideas.
If I'm driving around,
I have ideas.
I just tell Siri to do my dirty work for me.
It's the best I've got.
It's like,
it's made me capture so many more ideas.
I would never be able to capture because I'm driving.